DOC-12485 prevent bucket from running out of space (#3811)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/rest-api/pages/rest-cluster-email-notifications.adoc

Warns that the Index Service is, on a given node, occupying a percentage of available memory that is below an established threshold, which is the value of `lowIndexerResidentPerc`.
The default value is `10`.

* `maxDataDiskUsedPerc`. 

> The percentage of disk space used that will trigger an alert on the filesystem containing the data service, index service, or the `ns_log` or `audit_log`  storage paths.

Reviewer: The percentage of disk space used that will trigger an alert on the filesystem containing the data service storage path.

The `maxDataDiskUsedPerc` only applies to the data service storage path.  So, the sentence should just say the data service storage path.   If you don't specify a custom path for data, indexes, eventing, analytics when you initialize a cluster or a node, then, it's not easy to tell what goes into each individual storage paths since they then all end up in a default location.  The ns_log does not get put in the data service storage path.  Not sure what audit_log is ... but if it's the audit.log, then, that gets put into a location specified by the customer, so it shouldn't be mentioned here either.
cc @Peter-Searby

This alert warns you that the disk is becoming full.
It occurs even if data disk usage limits are not enabled.
The value must be an integer between `1` and `100`, which is the percentage of disk space used.

> It defaults to `90`.

Reviewer 2: It actually defaults to 75%. Also, if the data disk limit is enabled, then it will ignore the configured threshold and use 10% less than the enforcement threshold.

[#setting-memcache-alert-threshold]
* `memcachedSystemConnectionWarningThreshold`. Trigger the `xref:manage:manage-settings/configure-alerts.adoc#memcached-alert [memcached_connections]` alert if the number of `system` connections in use exceeds the given percentage of connections available. (E.g., set this value to `90` to trigger an alert if the system connections used by the data service exceed 90% of the connections available.)
+

> NOTE: If the node exceeds 90% of the available system connections, then contact xref:https://support.couchbase.com[Couchbase Support].

Reviewer 3: Add correct markdown syntax for the "Couchbase Support" URL instead of https.

* `memcachedUserConnectionWarningThreshold`. Trigger the `xref:manage:manage-settings/configure-alerts.adoc#memcached-alert[memcached_connections]` alert if the number of `user` connections in use exceeds the given percentage of connections available. (E.g., if this value is set to `90`, the system will trigger an alert if the number of user connections  used by the data service exceeds 90% of the available connections.)

* `stuckRebalanceThresholdIndex` and `stuckRebalanceThresholdKV`.

> Sets the timeout threshold for an index rebalance and a data operation to be considered stuck.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets the timeout threshold for a data or index service rebalance to make no identified progress to be considered stuck.
```

}
----

> Note that for security reasons, the `pass` field within the `emailServer` sub-document is always returned as blank, irrespective of its actual setting.

Reviewer 3: Instead of "Note that", use the NOTE admonition for:
Note that for security reasons, the `pass` field within the `emailServer` sub-document is always returned as blank, irrespective of its actual setting.
